Concubine, His Majesty is blessed by heaven.
He will surely get better.
Concubine, Your Majesty—
Though the poison has been controlled,
the situation is still dire.
We must find an antidote as soon as possible.
We will do our utmost to delay the poison's effects.
I understand.
Thank you for your assistance, Concubine.
This is the Soul Stabilizing Pill.
It can effectively control the toxins in His Majesty's body.
But this pill cannot be dissolved in water; it must be swallowed.
You will need to find a way for His Majesty to take it.
It seems you'll need to devise a method to get it into His Majesty.
Master Li,
Please help me lift His Majesty.
Turn him over.
His Majesty has fallen.
Ah!
May His Majesty be blessed and protected by heaven!
Long live the Emperor! Long live the Emperor! Forever live!
Long live the Empress! Long live the Empress! Forever live!